
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:9:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/toggleable/flannel: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:15:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/scarf: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:20:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/toggleable/hawaii: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:25:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/toggleable/hawaii: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:26:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/toggleable/hawaii/red: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:27:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/toggleable/hawaii/random: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:32:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/toggleable/vest: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:36:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/suspenders: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:40:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/wcoat: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:44:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/toggleable/zhongshan: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:49:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/dashiki: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:54:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/thawb: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:58:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/sherwani: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:63:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/qipao: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:68:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/sweater: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\clothing.dm:73:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/tangzhuang: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:40:error: SPECIES_SKRELL: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:44:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/skrell/chain: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:49:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/skrell/colored/chain: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:60:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/skrell/colored/band: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:55:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/skrell/band: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:66:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/skrell/cloth_male: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:72:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/skrell/cloth_female: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:10:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earmuffs/headphones: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:15:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:21:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/stud: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:22:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/stud/glass: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:23:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/stud/wood: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:24:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/stud/iron: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:25:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/stud/steel: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:26:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/stud/silver: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:27:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/stud/gold: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:28:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/stud/platinum: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:29:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/stud/diamond: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:30:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/dangle/glass: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:31:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/dangle/wood: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:32:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/dangle/iron: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:33:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/dangle/steel: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:34:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/dangle/silver: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:35:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/dangle/gold: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:36:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/dangle/platinum: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\earwear.dm:37:error: /obj/item/clothing/ears/earring/dangle/diamond: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\eyegear.dm:33:error: /obj/item/clothing/glasses/science/prescription: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\eyegear.dm:40:error: /obj/item/clothing/glasses/hud/security/prescription: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\eyegear.dm:48:error: /obj/item/clothing/glasses/sunglasses/sechud/toggle: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\eyegear.dm:52:error: /obj/item/clothing/glasses/eyepatch/hud/security: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\eyegear.dm:61:error: /obj/item/clothing/glasses/hud/health/prescription: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\eyegear.dm:65:error: /obj/item/clothing/glasses/hud/health/visor: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\eyegear.dm:70:error: /obj/item/clothing/glasses/eyepatch/hud/medical: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\eyegear.dm:76:error: /datum/job/engineer: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\eyegear.dm:80:error: /obj/item/clothing/glasses/meson/prescription: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\eyegear.dm:84:error: /obj/item/clothing/glasses/eyepatch/hud/meson: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\eyegear.dm:89:error: /obj/item/clothing/glasses/material: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\eyegear.dm:90:error: /datum/job/engineer: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\eyegear.dm:109:error: /obj/item/clothing/glasses/eyepatch/hud: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\eyegear.dm:118:error: /obj/item/clothing/glasses/hud/janitor: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\eyegear.dm:124:error: /obj/item/clothing/glasses/hud/janitor/prescription: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:9:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/athletic: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:22:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/dutyboots: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:23:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/jungleboots: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:24:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/desertboots: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:35:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/blue: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:36:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/brown: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:37:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/laceup: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:38:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/dress/white: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:39:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/green: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:41:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/orange: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:42:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/purple: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:43:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/rainbow: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:44:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/red: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:45:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/white: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:46:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/yellow: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:51:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/flats: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\footwear.dm:56:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/hightops: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:99:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/jackboots/unathi: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:104:error: /obj/item/clothing/shoes/workboots/toeless: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:111:error: /obj/item/clothing/gloves/color/modified: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:113:error: SPECIES_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:113:error: SPECIES_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:117:error: /obj/item/clothing/gloves/latex/modified: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:119:error: SPECIES_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:119:error: SPECIES_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:19:error: /obj/item/clothing/gloves/latex/nitrile: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:123:error: /obj/item/clothing/gloves/latex/nitrile/modified: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:125:error: SPECIES_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:125:error: SPECIES_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:24:error: /obj/item/clothing/gloves/rainbow: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:129:error: /obj/item/clothing/gloves/rainbow/modified: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:131:error: SPECIES_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:131:error: SPECIES_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:28:error: /obj/item/clothing/gloves/color/evening: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:135:error: /obj/item/clothing/gloves/color/evening/modified: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:137:error: SPECIES_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:137:error: SPECIES_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:56:error: /obj/item/clothing/gloves/thick/botany: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:141:error: /obj/item/clothing/gloves/thick/botany/modified: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:143:error: SPECIES_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:143:error: SPECIES_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:147:error: /obj/item/clothing/gloves/thick/modified: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:149:error: SPECIES_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:149:error: SPECIES_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:33:error: /obj/item/clothing/ring: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:39:error: /obj/item/clothing/ring/cti: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:40:error: /obj/item/clothing/ring/mariner: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:41:error: /obj/item/clothing/ring/engagement: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:42:error: /obj/item/clothing/ring/seal/signet: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:43:error: /obj/item/clothing/ring/seal/mason: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:44:error: /obj/item/clothing/ring/material/steel: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:45:error: /obj/item/clothing/ring/material/bronze: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:46:error: /obj/item/clothing/ring/material/silver: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:47:error: /obj/item/clothing/ring/material/gold: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:48:error: /obj/item/clothing/ring/material/platinum: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:49:error: /obj/item/clothing/ring/material/glass: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:50:error: /obj/item/clothing/ring/material/wood: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\gloves.dm:51:error: /obj/item/clothing/ring/material/plastic: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:8:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/beret/plaincolor: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:14:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/beret/guard: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:22:error: /obj/item/clothing/mask/bandana: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:26:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/hairflower/bow: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:36:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/soft/black: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:48:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/soft/mbill: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:58:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/hairflower/blue: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:59:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/hairflower/pink: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:61:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/hairflower/yellow: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:102:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/cowboy_hat: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:104:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/ushanka/tcc: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:109:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/hijab: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:114:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/kippa: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:119:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/turban: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:124:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/taqiyah: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:143:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/welding/demon: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:144:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/welding/engie: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:145:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/welding/fancy: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:146:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/welding/knight: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:147:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/welding/carp: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\headwear.dm:152:error: /obj/item/clothing/head/tank: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\tactical.dm:8:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/armor/tag: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\tactical.dm:13:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/armor/helmcover: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\tactical.dm:18:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/kneepads: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\tactical.dm:22:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/storage/holster: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\tactical.dm:28:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/syndicate/tacticool: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:7:error: /obj/item/card/union: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:13:error: card.signed_by: undefined type: card.signed_by
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:21:error: /obj/item/storage/pill_bottle/dice_nerd: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:49:error: lunchables_ethanol_reagents: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:57:error: lunchables_drink_reagents: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:61:error: /obj/item/reagent_containers/food/drinks/coffeecup: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:66:error: /obj/item/material/kitchen/utensil/knife/boot: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:83:error: lunchables_lunches: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:83:error: lunchables_snacks: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:83:error: lunchables_drinks: undefined proc
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:87:error: /obj/item/towel: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:98:error: /obj/item/toy/plushie/nymph: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:109:error: /obj/item/paper/workvisa: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:78:error: /obj/item/clothing/mask/monitor: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:80:error: SPECIES_IPC: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:154:error: /obj/item/clothing/mask/gas/vox: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:156:error: SPECIES_VOX: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:153:error: /obj/item/material/ashtray/plastic: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:173:error: /obj/item/clothing/mask/smokable/ecig/util: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:177:error: /obj/item/clothing/mask/smokable/ecig/deluxe: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\misc.dm:182:error: /obj/item/storage/bible: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:8:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/storage/brown_vest: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:10:error: /datum/job/engineer: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:10:error: /datum/job/qm: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:15:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/storage/black_vest: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:17:error: /datum/job/hos: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:17:error: /datum/job/warden: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:17:error: /datum/job/detective: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:17:error: /datum/job/officer: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:21:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/storage/white_vest: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:27:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/storage/drop_pouches/brown: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:29:error: /datum/job/engineer: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:29:error: /datum/job/qm: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:34:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/storage/drop_pouches/black: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:36:error: /datum/job/hos: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:36:error: /datum/job/warden: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:36:error: /datum/job/detective: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:36:error: /datum/job/officer: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:40:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/storage/drop_pouches/white: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:46:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/storage/webbing: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:51:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/storage/webbing_large: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:56:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/storage/bandolier: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:61:error: /obj/item/storage/belt/waistpack: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\storage.dm:68:error: /obj/item/storage/belt/waistpack/big: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:8:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/poncho/colored: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:14:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/poncho/roles/security: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:18:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/poncho/roles/medical: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:22:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/poncho/roles/engineering: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:26:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/poncho/roles/science: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:30:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/poncho/roles/science/nanotrasen: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:34:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/poncho/roles/cargo: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:38:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/suit: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:43:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/suit/black: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:44:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/suit/blue: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:45:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/suit/purple: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:50:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/suit: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:60:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/hooded/hoodie: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:70:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/hoodie/cti: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:71:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/hoodie/mu: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:72:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/hoodie/nt: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:73:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/hoodie/smw: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:83:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/labcoat/science/nanotrasen: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:87:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/labcoat/dais: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:91:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/labcoat/rd/nanotrasen: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:95:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/labcoat/coat: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:106:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/leather_jacket/nanotrasen: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:107:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/brown_jacket/nanotrasen: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:108:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/leather_jacket: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:109:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/brown_jacket: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:110:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/mbill: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:115:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/hooded/wintercoat: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:119:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/hooded/wintercoat/dais: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:123:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/track: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:133:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/apron/overalls: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:142:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/fr_jacket: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:142:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/fr_jacket/ems: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:142:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/labcoat/blue: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:142:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/surgicalapron: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:153:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/det_trench/grey: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\suits.dm:154:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/leathercoat: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:7:error: SPECIES_UNATHI: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:7:error: SPECIES_YEOSA: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:11:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/unathi/mantle: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:16:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/unathi/robe: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:21:error: /obj/item/clothing/accessory/storage/knifeharness: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:26:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/savage_hunter: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:32:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/savage_hunter/female: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:85:error: /obj/item/clothing/suit/storage/toggle/labcoat/xyn_machine: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:88:error: SPECIES_IPC: undefined var
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:13:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/fcolor: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:18:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/shortjumpskirt: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:23:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/color/blackjumpshorts: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:27:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/rank/roboticist/skirt: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:36:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/sl_suit: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:38:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/lawyer/blue: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:39:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/suit_jacket/burgundy: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:40:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/suit_jacket/charcoal: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:41:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/suit_jacket/checkered: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:42:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/suit_jacket/really_black: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:43:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/suit_jacket/female: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:44:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/gentlesuit: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:45:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/suit_jacket/navy: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:46:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/lawyer/oldman: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:47:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/lawyer/purpsuit: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:49:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/lawyer/red: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:50:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/lawyer/black: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:51:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/suit_jacket/tan: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:52:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/scratch: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:53:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/lawyer/bluesuit: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:54:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/rank/internalaffairs/plain: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:56:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/blackjumpskirt: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:58:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/dress/dress_hr: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:59:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/det: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:60:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/det/black: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:61:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/det/grey: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:66:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/rank/medical/scrubs: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:80:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/sundress_white: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:81:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/dress/dress_fire: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:82:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/dress/dress_green: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:83:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/dress/dress_orange: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:84:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/dress/dress_pink: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:85:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/dress/dress_purple: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:86:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/sundress: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:91:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/cheongsam: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:96:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/abaya: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:101:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/skirt: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:106:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/skirt_c: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:111:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/skirt_c/dress: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:116:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/casual_pants: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:121:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/formal_pants: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:126:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/formal_pants: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:131:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/formal_pants/baggy: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:136:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/shorts/jeans: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:146:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/rank/psych/turtleneck/sweater: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:151:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/kimono: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:161:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/rank/scientist/nanotrasen: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:162:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/mbill: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:163:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/saare: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:164:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/aether: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:165:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/hephaestus: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:166:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/pcrc: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:167:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/pcrcsuit: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:168:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/wardt: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:169:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/grayson: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:170:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/focal: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:171:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/rank/ntwork: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:172:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/morpheus: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:173:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/skinner: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:174:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/dais: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:179:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/rank/guard/nanotrasen: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:183:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/rank/scientist/executive/nanotrasen: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:195:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/suit_jacket/corp/nanotrasen: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:187:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/rank/ntwork/nanotrasen: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:191:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/rank/ntpilot/nanotrasen: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:199:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/sterile: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:203:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/hazard: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\uniforms.dm:207:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/frontier: undefined type path
code\modules\client\preference_setup\loadout\lists\xenowear.dm:93:error: /obj/item/clothing/under/harness: undefined type path